Doctor made me wait more than two hours for the appointment. In the end, I gave up due to this neglect.

I'm so glad I chose this clinic. The care was top-notch, and everyone was so friendly. I'll definitely be back!

My father was in consultation today, the doctor was extremely rude to him and my mother, who was there to accompany us, answered the questions very rudely and didn't really care about the case!

Terrible doctor! I don't recommend Dr. Marina to anyone. I had been seeing her since the beginning of my pregnancy, I started with a urinary infection at 48 and she only went to treat it when it reached 240, because she always checks the quick exams, there was no attention and only saw negative culture and not the infection rate. I ended up in an emergency room with an allergic crisis in February, I called, she was super rude, she said she couldn't guide me, that I should send the medication applied via WhatsApp. I sent it and amazingly To this day, she hasn't seen it or contacted me at the time to find out how I was. She is extremely rude, a plan consultation that doesn't last more than 15 minutes, she does everything quickly, to the point of letting the progress of my infection pass, it doesn't give a good result. targeting the pregnant woman. I started to have contractions and she never told me that this could happen during this period. I wouldn't wish what I went through on anyone! Terrible doctor! Thank God I have time to find another doctor to go to for a safe birth.

The clinic was clean and the staff was efficient. The appointment went as expected.

He kept wanting to sell it all the time and didn't focus on what he needed, he cleaned up, he didn't even use a towel to keep my shirt from getting dirty and he gave me a really big napkin to dry my mouth, the urge to laugh is much worse than a corner store

The doctor attended to me while performing several other tasks (instructing secretaries and a maintenance technician, filling out forms on a computer) and left the room at several times; [Edited Doctoralia] lack of punctuality (a consultation lasting 0:10 hours took 1:20 hours to start)

I found this medical colleague to be ignorant and incompetent, the staff is unfriendly and common procedures are not familiar to the practice

I had negative experiences, especially when I had to pay for treatment privately. Unfortunately the prices are extremely exorbitant, half as expensive elsewhere. Money is the focus here. As far as I can tell, achievements that did not take place are also enriched. I strongly advise against this practice.

To date I have been with the practice and Dr. Clarkson very happy. Now when I was making an appointment I was rudely dismissed and told to look for another urologist. I then filed a complaint with Dr. Clarkson wrote, described the facts and pointed out that as a private patient I was billed accordingly. Dr. Clarkson then called me back promptly, summed me up without empathy and, above all, without respect, and told me that he "didn't give a damn" whether I was a private patient or even a patient of his. He also advised me to look for another urologist. It doesn't work at all and just shows arrogance and a lack of interaction with patients. The sound makes the music and so I can Dr. Unfortunately I cannot recommend Clarkson

I need a new prescription from Dr. Beate von Broen (whose patient I have been for many years) called to register. The receiver was picked up and obviously placed next to the telephone (a few minutes). I dialed several more times and it wasn't picked up. Other patients probably know this problem. 
There is nothing known that makes it conceivable as the cause of this strange behavior. I could imagine that this strange behavior is an initiative of the Polish receptionist. These conditions pose a risk to patients. The medical association, the health insurance company and also the public prosecutor must be informed of these things.

Just send someone in pain away...without words

He kept interrupting me and didn't listen at all.

